Ready?
Here we go.
There's nothing in here...
Wait.
It'll be fine as long as I don't go too far.
Besides, if we don't even see the boss,
we won't be able to strategize how to beat it.
I know, but...
I recognized my cowardly past
mitometeta okubyou na kako
Remaining ignorant, I cowered in fear
wakaranai mama ni kowagateta
My other self reflects reality onto the present
ushiro no jibun ga genjitsu wo ima ni utsusu
This world, where I envisioned countless skies,
ikutsu mo no sora wo kaita koko wa kitto
will surely drive my frail heart insane.
hakanai kokoro midashite
In my dreams, I soared in the skies,
yume de takaku tonda karada wa
shaking off any anxieties that clung to me
donna fuan matottemo furiharatteku
A subconscious thought expands outward
nemuru chiisa na omoi hirogaridashite
Notice my weakness and stay by me
kizuku yowai watashi kimi ga ireba
so I can confidently accept this dark world
kurai sekai tsuyoku ireta
I continue to dream for all of eternity
nagai yume miru kokoro wa sou eien de
I wanna always be with you.
I'll give you everything I have.
We're going to have a tough time beating that.
Yeah.
From a glance, its only weapon is a large sword, but it probably has special abilities too.
Our best bet would be to gather strong vanguards and switch frequently.
I'd suggest gathering at least ten shield wielders.
Shield wielders, huh?
Wh-What is it?
You're hiding something, aren't you?
Where'd that come from?
I mean, it's strange.
The greatest merit of using a one-handed sword is being able to use a shield, isn't it?
However, I've never seen you using a shield even once.
In my case, the speed of my rapier would drop,
and some people don't use them because of their fashion sense.
You haven't been using the sword Lis made either.
Very suspicious...
Well, whatever.
Asking about your skills would be impolite of me.
Anyways, it's gotten pretty late, so let's have lunch.
What?!
I-Is it handmade?
Yep.
Make sure to take off your gloves before eating.
O-Okay.
Here, help yourself.
Delicious!
But really, what's this flavor?
It's the result of a year of
training and experimentation.
I made this by figuring out the interactions
between the hundred or so flavorings in Aincrad,
and analyzing their effects on the taste simulation engine's parameters.
This is a mix of Grogwa Seed,
Shubul Leaf, and Carim Water.
It tastes like mayonnaise.
And this one's Abilpa Bean, Sag Leaf, and Oorafish Bones.
Th-This nostalgic taste is...
Soy sauce!
I made the sandwich's sauce with that.
Amazing. It's perfect!
If you sold this, you could make a fortune!
Y-You think so?
Actually, never mind that.
Wh-Why?
I'd hate for my portion to be sold off.
Thinking with your stomach? Jeez...
If I feel like it, I'll make it for you again.
Oh man, I'm beat.
Let's take a break.
We finally made it.
Sounds good.
How about ov—
Oh, if it ain't Kirito!
It's been a while!
So you're still alive, Klein?
I see you're bad with words as usual.
Huh?
What's going on?
Why's a solo player like you with a girl—
H-Huh?
Um... I'm sure you know each other from the boss fights, but I'll introduce you anyways.
He's Klein from the guild, Fuurinkazan.
And she's Asuna from the Knights of the Blood.
Hey, say something.
Are you lagging?
G-G-Good afternoon! K-Klein, 24 years old, single, looking for a girlfr—
Leader!
A-Aren't you Asuna-san?!
I've always wanted to meet you!
Hey, quit pushing.
W-Well, they're not bad guys, so aside from their leader's face...
You...
Call it payback.
K-Klein!
What about my face? You little...
So what's going on, Kirito?
Uh, well...
Good afternoon.
I'm just partying with him for a while. Nice to meet you.
Kirito, you!
Wait, let me explain.
Kirito-kun.
They're...
Members of the Army?
What's the giant, reigning guild of the 1st Floor doing here?
Ever since they suffered major losses while clearing the 25th Floor,
they began to prioritize strengthening their organization over clearing,
and stopped coming to the front lines.
At ease!
I am Lt. Colonel Kovats of the Aincrad Liberation Army.
I'm Kirito, a solo player.
Have you lot already cleared the area beyond here too?
Yeah, we've mapped up to the boss room.
Well then, I'd like you to provide us with that map data.
You want it for free?!
Are you saying that knowing how tough mapping is?!
We distribute information and resources equally to all players
and maintain order amongst the people.
In regards to freeing everyone from this world,
we unceasingly fight to make it happen as soon as possible!
And thus, it's naturally your duty to cooperate with us!
You know...
Damn bloke...
Calm down.
We were planning to distribute the data freely once we got back to town anyways.
I don't mind.
Hey, come on.
That's being a bit too nice, Kirito.
I have no intention of profiting off of map data.
Thank you for your cooperation.
If you're planning on fighting the boss, you'd better not.
I will be the one to decide that.
We took a look inside the boss room earlier
and it's not an enemy you can take on with those numbers!
Besides, your troops aren't looking so well.
My men are not so weak that they'd give up so readily!
All of you! On your feet at once!
Are they gonna be okay?
Those guys...
At any rate, I doubt they'll head straight to the boss.
How about we at least keep an eye on them?
I wonder who's the nice guy here.
Let's get moving.
Uh... Um...
Asuna-san.
Uh, the thing is...
he's bad with words, often awkward,
and not to mention, obsessed with fighting.
Regardless, please look after Kirito.
Got it.
I'll take good care of him.
The only thing past here is the boss room, right?
Maybe they already went back using their items?
Asuna!
Yeah.
Hey!
Idiots!
Hey, you guys okay?!
What are you doing?!
Use your teleport crystals already!
We can't!
Th-The crystals won't work!
But the previous boss rooms never trapped players like that...
Those of us in the Liberation Army shall never retreat!
Fight! With all your might!
That idiot...
Hey, what's going on?
Teleport crystals don't work in there.
If we raid the room, we might be able to let them escape, but...
Isn't there something they can do?
All of you! Charge!
Stop!
Hey,
get a hold of yourself!
Impossible...
No way...
No...
Just no...
Anymore is...
No!
Asuna!
Don't blame me for what happens!
Get back!
You okay?
Thanks.
At this rate...
Kirito-kun!
Kirito!
Is that the only option left?
But...
Damn it. This isn't the time to think!
Asuna! Klein!
Please, keep it occupied for just ten seconds!
O-Okay!
All right, I'm good!
Switch!
Starburst...
Stream.
Wh-What the hell is that skill?
Faster.
Even faster!
Is it...
...over?
Kirito-kun!
Come on, Kirito-kun!
Ouch...
How long was I out for?
Only a few seconds.
You idiot!
That was reckless.
If you hold me too tightly, my HP will get depleted.
Kovats and two other men died.
This is the first time there've been casualties during a boss raid since the 67th Floor.
Could you even call it a raid?
Kovats, that numbskull...
If you die, there's no point to it all.
That aside, what was that earlier?
Do I have to tell?
Of course!
I've never seen anything like it!
It's the Extra Skill:
Dual Wielding.
What're the conditions to obtain it?
If I knew, I'd have told everyone.
It's not even on the information brokers' list.
Which means it's exclusive to you...
It's a Unique Skill.
Jeez, that's not fair, Kirito.
How could you keep such an amazing skill a secret?
Around six months ago, when I opened my skill window, I found the Dual Wielding Skill there.
But, if it became known that I had such a skill...
Net gamers are prone to jealousy, after all.
I'm a good guy, so me aside,
it wouldn't be unlikely for people to envy you.
Besides...
Well, think of that hardship as a part of life and keep on fighting, young one.
It's not like that.
All right, you wanna go and activate the Teleport Gate?
No, I'll leave it to you.
I can't even move a finger right now.
I see.
Be careful on your way back.
Um... Kirito.
When you ran in to save the Army guys...
What about it?
I... How should I put this...
I was glad.
That's all.
See you later!
Hey, Asuna.
I was scared.
I don't know what I'd do if you died.
What are you saying?
You're the one who ran in first.
I'm going to take a leave from my guild for a while.
T-Take a leave for what?
Did you already forget that I said I'd party with you, Kirito-kun?
All right.
The Army's great warriors were annihilated by a blue demon.
And the one who single-handedly defeated it was a dual-wielder utilizing a 50-hit combo.
This really got blown out of proportions.
There's a limit to how much a story can be embellished.
Because of that, I've been stalked by
swordsmen and information brokers all day,
so I can't even stay in my room anymore.
Aren't you just reaping what you sowed?
Since you spilled the beans despite saying it's our little secret.
What should we do?
Kirito-kun!
This is terrible!
I believe this is our first time meeting outside of a boss fight,
isn't it, Kirito-kun?
No, we spoke before during the 67th Floor's boss raid conference,
Commander Heathcliff.
That was a difficult battle.
We nearly suffered casualties then.
Despite being hailed as the top guild, our strength is always barely sufficient.
Even so, you're trying to take away one of our precious and vital members.
If she's precious, you should take more care in selecting escorts.
I apologize for any trouble that Kuradeel has caused you.
But regardless, we can't just say, "Oh, I understand" after having our vice-commander taken away.
Kirito-kun,
if you still insist, win her with your sword—your dual wielding.
If you defeat me in a duel, we will relinquish Asuna-kun to you.
But should you lose, you must join the Knights of the Blood.
Very well.
If you want to let our swords do the talking, I have no problems with that.
Let's settle this with a duel.
The far-sounding chime of a bell carried a solitary tone
tooku ni kikoeta kane no ne ga sukoshi samishikute
It rang once more, but with greater clarity and vibrance
mou ichido tsuyoku kondo wa takaku kakenuketa
Neither this ever-repeating reality nor these wishes that dot the sky
tada kurikaesu genjitsu mo hoshi no kazu no negaigoto mo
can surpass the feeling of having found meaning in tomorrow
mezasu beki asu wo mitsuketa kono omoi ni wa katenai
It's fine if the boundless world spread before me is merely a dream
me no mae ni hirakareta hatenai sekai tatoe yume demo ii
Even if it continues to waver, it always clearly resounds in my dreams
mayoi tsuzuketemo yume no oku de tsuyoku zutto zutto hibiiteku
Softly, softly shining
sotto sotto hikatteru